# Common Crawl Domain Names

Corpus of domain names scraped from Common Crawl and manually annotated to add
word boundaries (e.g. "commoncrawl" to "common crawl").

Breaking
[domain names](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/What_is_a_URL)
such as "openresearch" into component words "open" and "research" is important
for applications such as Text-to-Speech synthesis and web search.
[Common Crawl](https://commoncrawl.org/) is an open repository of web crawl data
that can be accessed and analyzed by anyone. Specifically, we scraped the
plaintext (WET) extracts for domain names from URLs that contained diverse
letter casing (e.g. "OpenBSD"). Although in the previous example, segmentation
is trivial using letter casing, this was not always the case (e.g. "NASA"), so
we had to manually annotate the data. We outline the distribution of trivial /
non-trivial examples below.

If you plan to use this dataset as part of a publication, please cite

```
@inproceedings{zrs2020urlsegmentation,
  title={Semi-supervised URL Segmentation with Recurrent Neural Networks Pre-trained on Knowledge Graph Entities},
  author={Hao Zhang and Jae Ro and Richard William Sproat},
  booktitle={The 28th International Conference on Computational Linguistics (COLING 2020)},
  year={2020}
}
```

## Dataset Description

The dataset is stored as plaintext file where each line is an example of space
separated segments of a domain name. The examples are stored in their original
letter casing, but harder and more interesting examples can be generated by
lowercasing the input first.

```
Open B S D
NASA
ASAP Workouts
```

split | size  | trivial | avg_input_length | avg_segments
----- | ----- | ------- | ---------------- | ------------
train | 17572 | 13718   | 12.63            | 2.65
eval  | 1953  | 1536    | 12.77            | 2.67
test  | 2170  | 1714    | 12.63            | 2.66

## Contact Us

If you have any additional questions regarding the dataset or how the data was
scraped, please create an issue.

